=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Deprecated - Add metadata to your distribution marking it as deprecated

=head1 VERSION

version 0.006

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [Deprecated]

or

    [Deprecated]
    module = MyApp::OlderAPI

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that adds metadata to your distribution marking it as deprecated.

This uses the unofficial C<x_deprecated> field,
which is a new convention for marking a CPAN distribution as deprecated.
You should still note that the distribution is deprecated in the documentation,
for example in the abstract and the first paragraph of the DESCRIPTION section.

You can also mark a single module (or subset of modules) as deprecated by
listing them with the C<module> option.  This will add an C<x_deprecated>
field to the C<provides> section of metadata.  Note that L<CPAN::Meta::Spec>
requires you to populate the rest of C<provides> metadata through some
other means, such as L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaProvides::Package>.

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

=head2 C<module>

    [Deprecated]
    module = MyApp::OlderAPI

Identify a specific module to be deprecated. Can be used more than once.

=head2 C<all>

    [Deprecated]
    all = 1

Not normally needed directly. Mark an entire distribution as deprecated. This
defaults to true when there are no C<module>s listed, and false otherwise.

=for Pod::Coverage metadata mvp_aliases mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Neil Bowers requested this. :)  And then he
L<blogged about it|http://neilb.org/2015/01/17/deprecated-metadata.html>.

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Deprecated>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Deprecated@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Deprecated@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Neil Bowers

Neil Bowers <neil@bowers.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
